README.md, before:

![War Image](Resources/War_Image.jpeg)
![Housing Prices](Resources/housing_prices.jpeg)
![Unemployment](Resources/unemployment.jpeg)

# Project_1_Team_1

## Project Overview
  ### 
  Usage and installation instructions of libraries/tools that are used: For this project we are using our API keys to access Alpaca Trade API and NASDAQ Datalink to download the stock price information. We also imported the following libraries to our Jupyter Notebook: Quandl, Numpy, Pandas, Json, and Yfinance to help us complete the data manipulation and visualization for this project.
  
  ###
  Intro (business question and motivation): Our team decided to investigate the effect of an existing war and how that is reflected on stock prices for weapon manufacturers and stock prices for gas companies and how those can effect the cost of crude oil, housing prices and the unemployment rate. Our time references for wars are the Gulf War which started August 2, 1990 through February 28, 1991 and the Ukrainian/Russian conflict which started on February 24, 2022; using the data available through July 31, 2022.

The business question we hope to answer is if we can predict an increase or decline in stock prices for weapon manufacturers and gas companies when there is an existing war. Additionally, we hope to be able to answer if we can predict a rise or decline in crude oil prices, housing prices, and the unemployment rate when there is an existing war.

Our motivation for taking on this challenge is to find out if there is clear causation or merely a correlation between the effect of war on stock prices as well as crude oil prices, housing prices and unemployment rates.

We hope to find this data using stock data from Nasdaq and Alpaca, the cost of crude oil from eia.gov, the cost of housing prices from Data.gov, and the effect on unemployment rates from the US Department of Labor.

  (Project goals and how they are achieved)

- Data pre-processing/gathering steps (cleaning and manipulation): Our team has accessed stock data and crude oil prices 
- Visuals and explanations
- Additional explanations
- Major findings
- Limitations and future development
- Conclusion
- References
- Team Members

Commit message:

updated project title for Read Me

README.md, after:

![War Image](Resources/War_Image.jpeg)
![Housing Prices](Resources/housing_prices.jpeg)
![Unemployment](Resources/unemployment.jpeg)

# Collateral Damage: The Effect of War on Stocks, Housing, and Unemployment

## Project Overview
  ### 
  Usage and installation instructions of libraries/tools that are used: For this project we are using our API keys to access Alpaca Trade API and NASDAQ Datalink to download the stock price information. We also imported the following libraries to our Jupyter Notebook: Quandl, Numpy, Pandas, Json, and Yfinance to help us complete the data manipulation and visualization for this project.
  
  ###
  Intro (business question and motivation): Our team decided to investigate the effect of an existing war and how that is reflected on stock prices for weapon manufacturers and stock prices for gas companies and how those can effect the cost of crude oil, housing prices and the unemployment rate. Our time references for wars are the Gulf War which started August 2, 1990 through February 28, 1991 and the Ukrainian/Russian conflict which started on February 24, 2022; using the data available through July 31, 2022.

The business question we hope to answer is if we can predict an increase or decline in stock prices for weapon manufacturers and gas companies when there is an existing war. Additionally, we hope to be able to answer if we can predict a rise or decline in crude oil prices, housing prices, and the unemployment rate when there is an existing war.

Our motivation for taking on this challenge is to find out if there is clear causation or merely a correlation between the effect of war on stock prices as well as crude oil prices, housing prices and unemployment rates.

We hope to find this data using stock data from Nasdaq and Alpaca, the cost of crude oil from eia.gov, the cost of housing prices from Data.gov, and the effect on unemployment rates from the US Department of Labor.

  (Project goals and how they are achieved)

- Data pre-processing/gathering steps (cleaning and manipulation): Our team has accessed stock data and crude oil prices 
- Visuals and explanations
- Additional explanations
- Major findings
- Limitations and future development
- Conclusion
- References
- Team Members
